Is that the sun coming up or is that just you lightening up my world?
Let’s make like fabric softener and snuggle.
Is your last name Gillette because you’re th best a man can get.
Do you have a boyfriend? Are you taking appliations?
That outfit is horrible take it off right now.
You see my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute.
Are you a Pentecostal because I want to speak in tongues with you.
Baby I’m like Taco Bell, I’ll spice up your night.
Excuse me can you step into the light over here. Why? So I can check you out.
Someone pass the tartar sauce because you’re quite a catch.
Damn Sugar slow down! I’m diabetic!
You’re so hot you’re making my beer warm.
If you were a pill I’d overdose.
Give the girl your hand and say, “Will you hold onto this for me while I take a walk?”
Are you a fisherman because you got me hooked.
Are you an alien because that ass is out of this world.
You look like my first wife.Her: “How many wives have you had?” You: None yet.
If looks could kill you would be a weapon of mass destruction.
Baby whatever you’re serving you better give me double.
I bet my tongue can beat up your tongue.
You smell, let’s go take a shower.
Do you drink a lot of Snapple because you look like you’re made from the best stuff on earth.
Are you on America’s most wanted because you’re on the top of my list.
I just realized this, but you look just like my next girlfriend.
We would go great together like peanut butter and jelly.
If you were an Oreo you would be double stuffed.
Santa must have come early this year because you were first on my list.
Is this the Matrix because I think you’re the One.
My phones feeling a little empty, how about I fill it up with your number.
Excuse me you dropped this.Her: “What’s that?”You: Conversation let’s pick it up over there.
POOF!I’m here what are your other two wishes?
Can I be your butter on your bread?
Do you have tickets?To the gun show! (Flex your arms)
Do you have a piece of tape?Because I’m ripped! (Flex)
Have you had a shower lately?You look like a dirty girl.
You have an onion butt.It makes me want to cry.
I know my calculus, you plus me equals us.
Do you have the time?She gives you the current time.No I meant the time to write down my number.
They call me Milk because I do a body good.
I’m like a power plant, hard to shut down and I can turn you on anytime.
They call me Elmo, you can tickle me anytime.
I must be a hunter because I just found a fox.
Nice you have arms, me too!We should hook up sometime.
Do you want a hot dog to go with those buns?
I’m the type of guy you can start a family with.
You look good enough for me to give my last name to.
I got skittles in my mouth, want to taste the rainbow?
I love you like a fat kid loves cake.
Want to compare tan lines?
Girl you’re my honey on my bunches of oats.
What’s that on you butt?My eyes.
If I had a dollar for every girl I’ve seen as hot as you, I’d have one dollar.
You better change the lock, because I’m the key to your heart.
If you were a meat market, you would be the prime rib.
Are you a zoo because you bring the animal out in me.
Hey officer give me a ticket because I’m in your restricted area.
Your beauty blinded me, I’m going to need your name and number for insurance reasons.
If you were words on a page you would be the fine print.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
Are you a parking ticket?You got fine written all over you.
I make more money then you can spend.
Did you fart because you blew me away.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Hi I’m Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me.
Your eyes are the same color as my Porsche.
Do you have any raisins?Ok how about a date then?
I think I’m gay, want to prove me wrong?
You’re like a prize wining fish, I don’t know if I should eat your or mount you.
So, you want to make out?
I only have 12 hours to live, don’t let me die a virgin.
You must be part ninja because that ass is kicking.
Your eyes are a mystery, I’d like to be your detective.
Give me three good reasons why I shouldn’t buy you a drink.
My love for you is like diarrhea, it never ends.
What has 142 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk?My zipper.
Let me see your palm, I want to read your future.Write your phone number on her hand.There’s your future.
Do you raise chickens for a living, because you sure did raise my cock.
I’m just a pirate looking for some booty.
Do you want to go behind that rock over there and get a little boulder (bolder).
Are you a pitcher because I love the way you throw those curves.
They call me coffee because I grind so fine.
My mouth hurts, will you kiss it.
Want to go halves on a bastard?
If I was Peter Pan you would be my happy thought.
I really like your peaches, can I shake your tree?
Do you mind if I hang out here until it is safe back where I farted?
Do you like bacon?Wanna strip?
Can you do me a favor?Stay beautiful until next time I see you.
I’m like Motel Six, I’ll leave the light on for you.
Congratulations, you have been voted the hottest girl here, your prize a date with me!
Can I have a band aid?I hurt my knee when I fell for you.
I want to be your paramedic; I’m mouth to mouth certified.
You’re a piece of eye candy and I have a sweet tooth.
I’m not much of a romantic so I’ll get straight to the point, “Want to make out?”
You might as well sleep with me because I’m going to tell everyone we did.
Your mom was pretty good so I figured you would be too.
Are you a slot machine because I would like to take a chance.
Let’s fight under the covers.
I may not be Santa Claus but I’ll stuff your stockings.
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
You make my software turn into hardware!
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection. 
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing. 
You had me at "Hello World." 
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy. 
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime. 
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you. 
My servers never go down... but I do! 
Hi, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight? 
My 'up-time' is better than BSD. 
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine! 
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart. 
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean. 
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady. 
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping? 
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open? 
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty. 
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out! 
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable. 
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up. 
Want to see my Red Hat? 
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop. 
You put the SPARC in my workstation. 
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo. 
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com? 
I'd switch to emacs for you. 
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing. 
Nice Set of Floppies! 
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle. 
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it. 
WebMD says your love is contagious. 
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU. 
I'd like to play on your laptop. 
Where's the 'like' button for that smile? 
You totally spiked my traffic. 
You are the Apple of my i-Mac. 
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long. 
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'. 
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor. 
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I’ll give you sudo access. 
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes. 
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video. 
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen. 
Your homepage or mine? 
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel. 
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you. 
You auto-complete me. 
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you. 
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook? 
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me! 
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads. 
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account? [what?] I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you. 
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten. 
What do you say we play a game of "Words With More Than Friends?" 
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you. 
Need me to unzip your files? 
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them! 
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.' 
How about we go home and you handle my exception? 
If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long. 
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access. 
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop. 
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare. 
Can I do a penetration test on your back door? 
Can you put a Trojan on my Hard Drive? 
Hey girl, can you sit on my laptop? 
Can I stick my flash drive in your USB port? 
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?
Can I tie your shoes? I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
You: “There’s something wrong with my phone” Her: “Really? What?” You: “It doesn’t have your number in it.”
Hey girl – You know what my t-shirt’s made of? Boyfriend material.
Please keep your distance. I might fall for you.
What’s your name? Or can I call you “mine”?
You’re single? I’m single. Coincidence? I think not.
You look so familiar… did we take a class together? No? I could’ve sworn you and I had chemistry.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put U and I together.
Let’s be nothing. ‘Cause nothing lasts forever.
Oh, you’re from Tennessee? [No.] Well, you’re definitely the only TEN-I-SEE.
You: “Sorry, but you owe me a drink.” Her: “What? Why?” You: “Well, when I saw you, I dropped mine.”
If you were words on a page, you’d be what they call “fine print.”
I value my breath, so it’d be nice if you stopped taking it away every time you walked by.
My doctor says I’m lacking Vitamin U.
My name is (your name) but you can call me tonight.
I won’t give you a cheesy pick up line, if you let me buy you a drink.
Do you happen to have a Band-Aid? I scraped my knee falling for you.
Excuse me, would you like a raisin? No? How about a date then?
I know I’m a perfect stranger. So let me introduce myself. I’m ________. See? Now I’m just perfect.
You must do interior design becuse you definitely made this room more beautiful.
Hi, my name’s James. Let’s Bond.
Good thing I brought my library card… ’cause I can’t stop checking you out.
[In a coffee shop] Are you drinking some hot tea? ‘Cause you certainly are a hottie.
Let’s make like a fabric softener and snuggle.
I’m sorry, were you talking to me?” [No.] “Well then, please start.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.
I lost my number, can I have yours?
If you were a vegetable you’d be a cute-cumber.
Are you a keyboard? Because you’re just my type.
So last night, I was reading the book of Numbers and I realized I don’t have yours.
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Are you a camera? ‘Cause every time I look at you, I smile.
Hey. You’re pretty. I’m cute. Together, we’d be pretty cute.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute.
“Are you part beaver? Because daaaaam.”
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
You: “How much does a polar bear weigh?” Her: “Uh, I don’t know. How much?” You: “Enough to break the ice. Hi, I’m ___________”
Baby, you’re so sweet, you put Hershey’s out of business.
You’re so beautiful, even the leaves fall for you.
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture you and me together.
Hey, this Halloween, how ’bout you and I being boyfriend and girlfriend?
If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I’d have 5 cents
Besides being gorgeous, what do you do for a living?”
Hi, I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.
Let’s commit the perfect crime: I’ll steal your heart, and you steal mine.
If you were a triangle, you’d be acute one.
See that door? Let’s go out.
You’re like the lyrics to my favorite song; hard to forget and always on my mind.
Can I take a picture of you to show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Are you a magician? ‘Cause every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Excuse me… Do you have a pen? [She says yes.] Good, write down my number.
How does it feel to be the most beautiful girl here?”
Are you a carbon sample? ‘Cause I want to date you.
(extend your hand) Excuse me, would you hold this for me while I go on a walk?
Hi, I’m doing a survey of what people think are the worst cheesy pick up lines. So, do you think it’s: ‘Do you come here often?’, ‘What’s your sign?’, or ‘Hi, I’m doing a survey of what people think are the worst pick up lines’?”
You know what you’d look great in? My arms.
I’m pretty great at Algebra; I can make your X disappear and you’ll never need to know Y.
If I was a super hero, I’d be BlanketMan, ’cause I got you covered.
You: “I’m invisible. Can you see me?” Her: “uh.. yeah?” You: “What about tomorrow night?”
(pick up a sugar packet off the floor) Uh, Miss? I see you dropped your name tag.
What are the odds of you being in my favor?
Is your name Mickey?… because you’re so FINE!
Are you from Utah? ‘Cause I want U-Tah date me.
If you were a hamburger at McDonald’s, you’d be a McGorgeous.
Can I tell you your fortune? (take her hand and write your phone number on it.) Your future is clear.
Okay I’m here. What were your other two wishes?
How come you’re not on top of the Christmas tree? I thought that’s where angels belong.
You: “Did it hurt?” Her: “Did what hurt?” You: “When you fell from Heaven?”
I would offer you a cigarette, but you’re already smokin’ hot.
I’m not trying to impress you or anything, but… I’m actually Batman!
Was that an earthquake…. Or did you just rock my world?
Hi, I’m writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Was your dad a boxer? ‘Cause you’re a knockout.
You know, Dr. Phil says I’m afraid of commitment. Want to help prove him wrong?
You: “Excuse me, you dropped something” Her: “What?” You: “My jaw.”
Are you Australian? ‘Cause you meet all of my koala-fications.
My name’s Han and I really don’t wanna fly solo tonight.
You know what you and the weather have in common? You’re both hot.
(in a Joey Tribiani accent) How you doin’?
Here’s $10. Drink until I am really good looking, then come and talk to me.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
What’cha doing for the rest of your life?
I wanted you to know… if you were a potato, you’d be a sweet one.
Did we take a class together? No? I swore you and I had chemistry….
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I’ll be your man.
If you were a Facebook status, I would like you.
Hey, could you touch my arm? I want to tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel.
Are you a tangerine? ‘Cause you certainly are a cutie.
I’ve heard you like water. That’s good – you already like 70% of me.
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you’re mm mm good!
Do you have a jersey? ‘Cause I need your name and number.
If you were a fruit, you’d be a Fineapple!
Want to get some coffee? ‘Cause I like you a latte.
Your eyes are as blue as the ocean. And baby, I’m lost at sea.
Do you have a map? Because I just keep getting lost in your eyes.
I might as well call you “Google” ’cause you have everything I’m searching for.
